So how often do you see each other then?
Now this is where we this is what's been hard yes
Mondays and honestly, yeah Tuesday and hopefully Sundays in the 147. Yep and
apart from that it's
difficult
Not quite what's so difficult then?
So those are kind of set activities that you do together kind of regular
Well, I mean I keep it there are other places I go to in the evenings
I keep trying to get you to come too. Yes
Wednesday nights
Yep, I think what sometimes I think what might make it a little bit more difficult
I think is because we do live quite separate lives
And like the things like maybe I like
Doing on particular nights of the week that sometimes like if I've been working on a particular day
And I literally have been
slightly longer days working. I'm looking out and about the stuff I come home. I'm just like
And I'm slumped and like sometimes at the moment. I'm just kind of
Then I'm like I don't really want to go out tonight. I'm too tired
What about weekends? Do you meet up on a weekend?
Sundays usually. Sundays, yes. Our main opportunity. Yeah
Weekends or Saturday tends to be my quietest day of the week. I
Think it's at home as well. I probably that's probably the one day in a week
I feel like I need to stay in because I'm not free much every evening
I'm a bit like that sometimes as well
I think like when you have early starts sometimes as well it kind of
The following day then you feel even more tired because you know you've been
You know committed to kind of earlier start sometimes
But then I think we do try to exercise to see each other
When we can even if it's not enough
Yeah, I think another issue is
Distance
Yeah, Wolf is very central and there's loads of ways to get to four places
Penturk not quite so. It's true. You've got an hourly bus service at best. Yeah
That's not always that easy then but like and
that's kind of why like I
don't really consider
driving something I've never really
Thought of doing but I that I realize I'm guessing this
So sometimes like I'll come over to the flat side and we'll spend some time together
Well, if we go into things that we have been to like things with friends on me and Barry and stuff
I've gone over to the flat and we've kind of gone from the flat to places
And then back to the flat to get picked up
So I quite like that but maybe maybe do not do that as regularly as I should
Which I'd like to do it more regularly
And how often do you see each other alone? Would you say?
Just the two of you yeah, not enough I think this day sometimes isn't it the last time was I want to first
Yeah
You went for food
Let me and one of our friends that we go to for karaoke sometimes was
karaoke in somewhere else original we went there for that night and that's really nice because
So you'd like to do that more often would you Simon? Yeah, I think I would as well
Sometimes I think like
Maybe it's my bad. We don't do that as often as we should
But I think you know, sometimes it's like we can have do keep in touch get me out by text and stuff
Quite a bit
Maybe not like face to face but even then there's can live
Like message with me. Yeah
To you again this
I know I know cry often I'm slow and replying and the reason for that is
Again, I just got so much on on the go